DPL-1118: Enhance labware progress interface (#1596)
sanger/limber: docs/pipelines_yaml_files.md

Another example is when there are separate Limber pipelines for sequential stages. For instance, 'pWGS-384' (the library prep part) and 'pWGS-384 MX' (the multiplexing part). In reality, these are both part of the same pipeline, so they both have the pipeline group 'pWGS-384'.

> The pipeline group is used in the 'Progress Overview' pages and the 'Pipelines Graph' page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pipeline group is used in the 'Work in progress' pages and the 'Pipelines overview' page.
```
